# News Report
News Report is an App that uses an API from The Guardian to access global news. It uses a Algorithm I designed for infinite scrolling. There are many other news apps available that also provide infinte scrollign and maybe better than mine but I wanted to see what I can do myself and came up with this after many failed attempts. One thing i learnt (and a unpopular opinion) is that Loaders are very powerfull in Android if one learns to properly use them. Manipulating loaders to fit my usage took me the most time. 
# Main Problem: 
The main problem i faced was getting images from the JSON response i recieved from the Guardian API. The API returned each news with its Image url. I would get 50 news items (The API allows one page to have maximum 50 news) at one time in the JSON response which would be displayed in a list adapter. The problem was how do i retrieve the assosiated images. First I tried the most basic approach i could think of. When i parsed the JSON response I would make a ArrayList containing all the image urls and later use a loader to load all 50 images together in one background task and update all 50 images together when the loader was finished loading. In the time this would happen man would have landed on Mars. Hence, I needed a better approach. 
# Solution:
Now, What I wanted was a way in which I could download one image at a time, update my UI and then load the next image. Once I was clear with my goal, I started to find a method to do so and Android got it all covered (Android is powerfull bro!). First I made my NewsItem object with two different constructors. I would parse the image url assosiated with a news from the JSON response and would pass it as a parameter to it. I learnt to properly manipulae loaders to fit my usage and load one image at a time. I would use the image url assosiated with the NewsItem object to load the image and later  pass this bitmap image as a parameter to the second constructor. Now using a listener my list adapter would update itself any time my Newsitem object changed. In this way all the images are loaded using multiple threads without compromising with time efficiency.  
